{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I found Michael Ware by accident.\'a0 I was in a bit of a pickle and needed someone quickly.\'a0 I phoned Michael and he came round to my house and fixed my problem quickly and efficiently. I was very impressed by the way he took care\'a0in \'a0my home.\'a0 I have never seen a room so well covered up before the job began.\'a0 This made me go back to Michael when I needed to have my lounge painted.\'a0 I only wanted 3 walls to be done but this was no problem to Michael.\'a0 He gave me a very fair price and as I was unsure about paints he advised me.\'a0I found him to be very knowledgeable and helpful.\'a0 We decided on a paint and because the 3 walls were painted so thoroughly and so well, I\'a0asked him to carry on up my stairs and landing.\'a0 My husband and I are delighted with the finished work. We found Michael to be a charming young man, who is considerate and who is very good with pensioners and dogs. We wouldn't hesitate to recommend him to anyone. I can't wait to have him paint my next room.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Mrs F\
Cottingham\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 Michael has decorated two properties for me to a very high standard.\
I find him reliable, trustworthy and professional and I have gladly recommended him to other people\
Mrs S, \
Weldon\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\fs26 \cf2 \strokec2 "...We engaged Michael Ware for a whole-house painting job. Michael was punctual, hardworking, reliable\'a0and very considerate of our home and family life throughout\'a0the project.\'a0He is extremely approachable and always provided excellent communications. We were particularly impressed with the pride he clearly takes in his work and the value for money he delivered. We would definitely recommend Michael Ware for any decorating project.
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 Mr. and Mrs. B
\i0 \

\i Northamptonshire..."\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f3\i0\fs22 \cf2 \cb3 Mike has now completed a few decorating jobs for us over the past eighteen months.\'a0 He has good product knowledge and we are delighted with a paint he recommended for a high traffic area.\'a0 His rates are competitive, he is punctual, very tidy and respectful of our home.\'a0 Mike takes great care and pride in his work and is polite and friendly.\'a0 We will be using him again and we have no hesitation in recommending him.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
Mrs P \'96 Northants\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs26 \cf2 "So happy with the work Michael has done for us, hanging plain and patterned wallpaper. Friendly, professional and tidy. Can't wait to get the next room done! Highly recommended. Charlie & George, Little Stanion"\'a0\
}